Changing the name of SimpleCleaner to Cleaner (#1275)
skrub-data/skrub: CHANGES.rst

Changes
-------

> - The :class:`SimpleCleaner` has been deprecated and will be renamed to `Cleaner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The :class:`SimpleCleaner` has been renamed to `Cleaner`. Use of the name `SimpleCleaner` is deprecated and will result in an error in some future release of skrub.
```
